Export more cloudinary fields (#7607)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/khaki-singers-sip.md

---
'@keystone-6/cloudinary': patch
---

> Export cloudinary image output type for custom usage e.g. in virtual fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an export for the Cloudinary image GraphQL output type for developer usage e.g. in virtual fields.
```
